* To anticipate and answer learners' questions about certificate availability,
  the **Progress** page now includes the following message for learners who
  are enrolled in the audit track.

  "You are enrolled in the audit track for this course. The audit track does
  not include a certificate."

* An error in the way that responses to questions were presented in the course
  discussions has been corrected.

  After discussion participants respond to a question, the learner who posted
  the original question and the discussion moderators can mark a response as
  the answer to the question. Responses that are marked as answers include the
  message, "marked as answer {time frame} by {username}". Responses that are
  marked as answers can be "unmarked". For example, if the learner who
  originally posted a question identifies a response as the answer, a
  discussion moderator might want to unmark a response that is actually
  incomplete or misleading.

  Previously, a response that was unmarked as the answer continued to show the
  "marked as answer {time frame} by {username}" message. This message no longer
  appears for unmarked responses. (:jira:`TNL-4392`)

* The footer for the edx.org website includes a set of links to different
  social media sites. To give these options more structural meaning for people
  who use screen readers to visit the site, these links are now organized into
  a list instead of a collection of links.

* The edX video player no longer renders all transcript files, including HTML
  markup, as plain text. This change reverts (:jira:`AC-454`), which was
  released during the week of 20 June 2016. The accessibility issues that
  AC-454 was intended to resolve will be addressed in a future release.
